[Music]
how to lose belly fat in a single night
each of us has some belly fat even
people who have flat tummies that is
normal but too much of it can affect
your health stronger than other types of
fat being overweight does not always
mean being unhealthy there are many
great examples of overweight people who
have excellent health on the contrary
there is the same amount of examples of
people who are skinny but face some
metabolic issues all that happens
because the under the skin fat does not
cause so many health problems it causes
only discomforts from the cosmetic point
of view doesn't it the real monster is
the fat in the abdominal cavity also
known as the belly fat not only does it
bring you health problems but also it is
one of the most difficult types of fat
to get rid of hence belly fat is more
than just an irritant that makes your
clothes feel tight how can it bring
health problems you might ask here is
the answer some fat is there right under
your skin while other is deep inside
around your organs liver heart lungs
this type of fat is called visceral fat
and this is the very type which is bad
even for slim people well don't get
disappointed so fast we do need some of
visceral fat though guess why yes
because it acts as cushions around your
organs but again you should know the
measure because too much of it can cause
high blood pressure heart diseases and
even some types of cancers now how to
know if you have too much of belly fat
here's a straightforward way to do it
get a measuring tape and put it around
your waist did it now you can check your
girth keep in mind that you should do it
while you are in standing position not
sitting okay it will be easier if you
start and finish at your belly button
that will give you measurements that are
more precise now if you are a woman and
your waist size is less than 35 inches
with
everything is fine however if it is more
than 35 inches so you definitely should
consider this diet secret of which we
are going to reveal very soon and if you
are a man then the waist size less than
40 inches sounds pretty ok well more
than 40 inches should alarm you and the
diet would be a good way out moreover
there are two types of shapes a pear
size when the hips and thighs are bigger
than your waistline and an apple size
when your waistline is wider than your
hips and size in fact a pear size is
considered safer than an apple size why
an apple size shows that you have too
much of belly fat which means that you
have too much of visceral fat in your
body so if your measurements show that
you have too much of extra fat around
your waistline even if you are not obese
or heavy and usually consider some ways
to say goodbye to it sounds like an
uphill task huh don't give up that fast
you'll be surprised know that this tasks
be accomplished within one day in this
video we are going to show you an
outstandingly effective and quick way to
lose belly fat and not only it have you
ever tried dieting before probably yes
therefore you know how exhausting it
might be this diet will not only make
your belly flash but also it will help
you to lose unnecessary weight and burn
those nasty calories moreover you will
get a purified body as a result
intrigued the diet consists of smoothies
juices and teas an extra amazing thing
for tea lovers all this stuff acts as a
drink detox that additionally cleanses
your body very fast that will give you a
boost of energy and the most important
thing is that you will know the way of
getting a flat stomach and will be able
to use it whenever it is required so are
you ready to hear the most amazing diet
ever here's how you can do it you should
start right in the morning 8 a.m. drink
a glass of warm water with some lemon
juice in it
good start after a couple of hours take
another glass of warm water with apple
or orange juice in it do you find it
interesting Senate noon get yourself a
cup of green tea not bad after an hour
you should drink a glass of cold water
with carrot juice in it at 3:00 p.m.
take a cup of your favorite tea do you
like it so far
at 5:00 p.m. have a glass of your
favorite juice that might be your
favorite part of the diet after another
couple of hours take one more cup of
green tea at 9:00 p.m.
grab a glass of water with grapefruit
juice in it we are almost there
finally after another hour at 10:00 p.m.
you should finish the diet the way you
started it have a glass of warm water
with some lemon juice in it the
important thing is that you are not
supposed to add any artificial
ingredients to your drinks it is
probably hard to believe but your tummy
will become flat in just 24 hours
moreover your body will get rid of all
the toxins so what are you waiting for
let's start it tomorrow